Docs: update jinja gateway variable syntax (#3795)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/concepts/macros/jinja_macros.md

Because the two macro variables return string values, we must surround the curly braces with single quotes `'`. Other macro variables, such as `start_epoch`, return numeric values and do not require the single quotes.

> The `gateway` variable uses a slightly different syntax than other predefined variables. Instead of the bare name `{{ gateway }}`, it must include parentheses like a function call: `{{ gateway()) }}`.

Author: ```suggestion
The `gateway` variable uses a slightly different syntax than other predefined variables because it is a function call. Instead of the bare name `{{ gateway }}`, it must include parentheses: `{{ gateway() }}`.
```
